Remove references to running natively (#1109)
elastic/connectors-python: docs/CONFIG.md

  - `max_concurrent_access_control_syncs`: The maximum number of concurrent access control syncs. Defaults to 1.
  - `job_cleanup_interval`: The interval (in seconds) to run job cleanup task.
  - `log_level`: Connector service log level. Defaults to `INFO`.

> - `native_service_types`: An array of supported native connectors (in service type).

Reviewer: So `native_service_types` is supposed to be used only on Cloud, and that's why it's removed. Do you think we should remove `username` and `password` as well? It's more intuitive to use the API key for on-prem connector service.

Reviewer: Fair enough. username/password is provided as an additional auth method, while `native_service_types` is something not supposed to be used by customers.

- `service_type` The service type of the connector.
- `sources`: A mapping/dictionary between service type and [Fully Qualified Name
(FQN)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fully_qualified_name). E.g. `mongodb: connectors.sources.mongo:MongoDataSource`.

## Run the connector service on Elastic Cloud

When you have an Enterprise Search deployment on Elastic Cloud post 8.5.0, the connector service is automatically deployed.
The connector service runs in native mode on Elastic Cloud, and the Elasticsearch connection configurations (i.e. `host`, `username`, `password`) are automatically configured.
A special Cloud user (`cloud-internal-enterprise_search-server`) is used for the Elasticsearch connection.
This user has proper privileges on the connector index (`.elastic-connectors`), the connector job index (`.elastic-connectors-sync-jobs`) and the connector content indices (`search-*`).

If you wish to connect more connector types than are natively available on Elastic Cloud, you will need to run the connector service on-prem, as described below.

## Run the connector service on-prem

> 1. Go to Kibana, _Enterprise Search_ > _Create an Elasticsearch index_. Select the type of connector you wish to use.

Reviewer: The on-prem connector service will work for:
1. a connector client
2. a customized connector
3. a converted native connector

Probably we should make this step more general:

```suggestion
When you have a connector client, a customized connector, or a converted native connector, you have to run the connector service on-prem.

1. In Kibana, go to the `Configuration` tab of the connector.
```

Reviewer 2: Driving by here, but I think a connector client is what we call a self-managed connector. So you use the on-prem connector service to run connector clients.

Whether these are customized connectors or converted native connectors is perhaps irrelevant here. 🤷

Author: I can work on the phrasing here to capture both points. That any "converted native connector," "net-new custom connector" or "customized/modified connector" must be run as a connector client, on-prem. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: 👍 

FYI I wonder if we could rename connector clients as self-managed connectors? It would be so much clearer. We've done the hard work of removing confusion around "native"!

Author: I would prefer that. But I think that @danajuratoni has been very intentional about our taxonomy thus-far, so I'm hesitant to advocate too strongly.

Reviewer 2: Indeed, it's not easy to backtrack and rename stuff
